ng-alain/application/files/root/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://ng-alain.com">
    <img width="100" src="https://ng-alain.com/assets/img/logo-color.svg">
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">NG-ALAIN</h1>

<div align="center">
  Out-of-box UI solution for enterprise applications, Let developers focus on business.

  [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/_apis/build/status/ng-alain-CI?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/_build/latest?definitionId=2&branchName=master)
  [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ng-alain/ng-alain/status.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/ng-alain/ng-alain)
  [![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/ng-alain/ng-alain.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/releases)
  [![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ng-alain.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng-alain)
  [![prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://prettier.io/)
  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/blob/master/LICENSE)
  [![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/ng-alain/ng-alain.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/ng-alain/ng-alain)
  [![ng-zorro-vscode](https://img.shields.io/badge/ng--zorro-VSCODE-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cipchk.ng-zorro-vscode)
  [![ng-alain-vscode](https://img.shields.io/badge/ng--alain-VSCODE-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cipchk.ng-alain-vscode)

</div>

English | [简体中文](README-zh_CN.md)

## Quickstart

- [Getting Started](https://ng-alain.com/docs/getting-started)

## Links

+ [Document](https://ng-alain.com) ([Surge Mirror](https://ng-alain-doc.surge.sh))
+ [@delon Source](https://github.com/ng-alain/delon)
+ [DEMO](https://ng-alain.surge.sh) ([国内镜像](https://ng-alain.gitee.io/))

## Features

+ `ng-zorro-antd` based
+ Responsive Layout
+ I18n
+ [@delon](https://github.com/ng-alain/delon)
+ Lazy load Assets
+ UI Router States
+ Customize Theme
+ Less preprocessor
+ Well organized & commented code
+ Simple upgrade
+ Support Docker deploy

## Architecture

![Architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/architecture.png)

> [delon](https://github.com/ng-alain/delon) is a production-ready solution for admin business components packages, Built on the design principles developed by Ant Design.

## App Shots

![desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/desktop.png)
![ipad](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/ipad.png)
![iphone](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/iphone.png)

## Donation

ng-alain is an MIT-licensed open source project. In order to achieve better and sustainable development of the project, we expect to gain more backers. You can support us in any of the following ways:

- [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/cipchk)
- [opencollective](https://opencollective.com/ng-alain)
- [paypal](https://www.paypal.me/cipchk)
- [支付宝或微信](https://ng-alain.com/assets/donate.png)

Or purchasing our [business theme](https://e.ng-alain.com/).

## Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ng-alain#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ng-alain/backers.svg?width=890"></a>

### License

The MIT License (see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/blob/master/LICENSE) file for the full text)

Commit message:

master - f72a873a docs: add issue help (#1019)

ng-alain/application/files/root/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://ng-alain.com">
    <img width="100" src="https://ng-alain.com/assets/img/logo-color.svg">
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">NG-ALAIN</h1>

<div align="center">
  Out-of-box UI solution for enterprise applications, Let developers focus on business.

  [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/_apis/build/status/ng-alain-CI?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/_build/latest?definitionId=2&branchName=master)
  [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ng-alain/ng-alain/status.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/ng-alain/ng-alain)
  [![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/ng-alain/ng-alain.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/releases)
  [![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ng-alain.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng-alain)
  [![prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://prettier.io/)
  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/blob/master/LICENSE)
  [![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/ng-alain/ng-alain.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/ng-alain/ng-alain)
  [![ng-zorro-vscode](https://img.shields.io/badge/ng--zorro-VSCODE-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cipchk.ng-zorro-vscode)
  [![ng-alain-vscode](https://img.shields.io/badge/ng--alain-VSCODE-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cipchk.ng-alain-vscode)

</div>

English | [简体中文](README-zh_CN.md)

## Quickstart

- [Getting Started](https://ng-alain.com/docs/getting-started)

## Links

+ [Document](https://ng-alain.com) ([Surge Mirror](https://ng-alain-doc.surge.sh))
+ [@delon Source](https://github.com/ng-alain/delon)
+ [DEMO](https://ng-alain.surge.sh) ([国内镜像](https://ng-alain.gitee.io/))

## Features

+ `ng-zorro-antd` based
+ Responsive Layout
+ I18n
+ [@delon](https://github.com/ng-alain/delon)
+ Lazy load Assets
+ UI Router States
+ Customize Theme
+ Less preprocessor
+ Well organized & commented code
+ Simple upgrade
+ Support Docker deploy

## Architecture

![Architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/architecture.png)

> [delon](https://github.com/ng-alain/delon) is a production-ready solution for admin business components packages, Built on the design principles developed by Ant Design.

## App Shots

![desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/desktop.png)
![ipad](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/ipad.png)
![iphone](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ng-alain/delon/master/_screenshot/iphone.png)

## Contributing

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/pulls)

We welcome all contributions. Please read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) first. You can submit any ideas as [pull requests](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/pulls) or as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/issues).

> If you're new to posting issues, we ask that you read [*How To Ask Questions The Smart Way*](http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html) (**This guide does not provide actual support services for this project!**), [How to Ask a Question in Open Source Community](https://github.com/seajs/seajs/issues/545) and [How to Report Bugs Effectively](http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs.html) prior to posting. Well written bug reports help us help you!

## Donation

ng-alain is an MIT-licensed open source project. In order to achieve better and sustainable development of the project, we expect to gain more backers. You can support us in any of the following ways:

- [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/cipchk)
- [opencollective](https://opencollective.com/ng-alain)
- [paypal](https://www.paypal.me/cipchk)
- [支付宝或微信](https://ng-alain.com/assets/donate.png)

Or purchasing our [business theme](https://e.ng-alain.com/).

## Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ng-alain#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ng-alain/backers.svg?width=890"></a>

### License

The MIT License (see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ng-alain/ng-alain/blob/master/LICENSE) file for the full text)
